content/pages/home.md, before:

---
isPage: true
title: home
path: /
templateKey: page
heroTitle: LEARN HOW TO BUILD THE PRODUCT YOUR CUSTOMERS REALLY WANT
heroSubtitle: Join the Product Mindset Workshops and help your team understand customers, get the right features to market quickly, and grow your company
heroIsVideo: true
heroVideo: landing_video.mp4
---
### WHAT IS THE PRODUCT MINDSET

Creating software products is risky, expensive and hard. Customer needs and markets 
are constantly changing. If your product isn’t easy to use and engaging, customers will be gone in seconds. 

Strategy alone can’t keep up with all the technical, design, and business decisions necessary to build software products with impact. We believe that if you give your team the right mindset - the Product Mindset - they can see opportunity, move quickly, 
and create products customers want to buy and use.

We created the Product Mindset based on years of experience helping clients build world-class products, combined with best practices from Agile, Lean Startup and Design Thinking. 

It is a collection of values, principles and practices that guide every action and decision we take in building successful products. It helps align everyone on the team and beyond team so they can think, talk and execute as tightly-integrated unit.

### HOW THE PRODUCT MINDSET HELPS US HELP OUR CUSTOMERS

We created the Product Mindset based on years of experience helping clients build world-class products, combined with best practices from Agile, Lean Startup and Design Thinking. 

It is a collection of values, principles and practices that guide every action and decision we take in building successful products. It helps align everyone on the team and beyond team so they can think, talk and execute as tightly-integrated unit.

Commit message:

Initial Home Page Learn More and Video implementation (#86)
* Break out home page to separate template

* Added CTA / Learn More Video on Home Page header

* fix for navbar alignment issue #25

content/pages/home.md, after:

---
isPage: true
title: home
path: /
templateKey: index-page
heroTitle: LEARN HOW TO BUILD THE PRODUCT YOUR CUSTOMERS REALLY WANT
heroSubtitle: Join the Product Mindset Workshops and help your team understand customers, get the right features to market quickly, and grow your company
heroIsVideo: true
heroVideo: landing_video.mp4
includeLearnMore: true
---
### WHAT IS THE PRODUCT MINDSET

Creating software products is risky, expensive and hard. Customer needs and markets
are constantly changing. If your product isn’t easy to use and engaging, customers will be gone in seconds.

Strategy alone can’t keep up with all the technical, design, and business decisions necessary to build software products with impact. We believe that if you give your team the right mindset - the Product Mindset - they can see opportunity, move quickly,
and create products customers want to buy and use.

We created the Product Mindset based on years of experience helping clients build world-class products, combined with best practices from Agile, Lean Startup and Design Thinking.

It is a collection of values, principles and practices that guide every action and decision we take in building successful products. It helps align everyone on the team and beyond team so they can think, talk and execute as tightly-integrated unit.

### HOW THE PRODUCT MINDSET HELPS US HELP OUR CUSTOMERS

We created the Product Mindset based on years of experience helping clients build world-class products, combined with best practices from Agile, Lean Startup and Design Thinking.

It is a collection of values, principles and practices that guide every action and decision we take in building successful products. It helps align everyone on the team and beyond team so they can think, talk and execute as tightly-integrated unit.
